Update README.md (#979)
C2SM/spack-c2sm: README.md

## Workflow
We suggest local/individual spack instances and the use of spack environments.

Clone the repository
```bash
git clone --depth 1 --recurse-submodules --shallow-submodules -b v0.20.1.5 https://github.com/C2SM/spack-c2sm.git
```
Setup the shell environment.
```bash
. spack-c2sm/setup-env.sh
```

> Sourcing these files will put the spack command in your PATH, set up your MODULEPATH to use Spack’s packages, and add other useful shell integration for certain commands, environments, and modules. For bash, it also sets up tab completion. (source: [spack docu](https://spack.readthedocs.io/en/v0.21.1/getting_started.html#shell-support))

Author: ```suggestion
Sourcing this file will put the spack command in your PATH, set up your MODULEPATH to use Spack’s packages, and add other useful shell integration for certain commands, environments, and modules. For bash, it also sets up tab completion. (source: [spack docu](https://spack.readthedocs.io/en/v0.21.1/getting_started.html#shell-support))
```

spack info <package>
spack spec <spec>
```
and installing
```bash
spack install <spec>
spack dev-build <spec>
```
packages.

Updating spack-c2sm is in the hands of the user.
```bash
git pull
git submodule update --recursive
```
Before an update we advice to clean your instance
```bash
spack uninstall -a
spack clean -a
rm -rf ~/.spack
```

> After an update we advice to rebuild packages in a new shell.

Reviewer: Users are prone to skip the 'new shell' if we don't say why, so maybe write
```suggestion
After an update we advice to rebuild packages, preferably in a new shell so that no outdated shell variables are retained.
```
